README.md, before:

# TACT template project

This project has ready to use TACT compiler, typescript + jest with [tact-emulator](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact-emulator), example how to do tests.

```bash
yarn test # To test contract
yarn build # To build contract
yarn deploy # To deploy contract
```
## Deployment

To deploy contract you should:

1) Specify `contract.tact` that will be used as entry point of your contract
2) Configure `contract.deploy.ts` according to your `contract.tact` to generate a deployment link. In particular, it is necessary to correctly call the Init() function from the contract.

If you renamed `contract.tact` to something else, you need to update `tact.config.json` correspondingly. For more information , see [Tact Documentation](https://docs.tact-lang.org/language/guides/config)
## Testing

Example of contract tests are in `contract.spec.ts`. For more information about testing, see [Tact Documentation](https://docs.tact-lang.org/language/guides/debug)

To add new test files to contract you should create `*.spec.ts` files similar to template's one and they would be automatically included in testing.

## Licence

MIT

Commit message:

chore: improve grammar and wording in README (#13)
* chore: exclude HTML from GitHub's languages report

* chore[README.md]: some fixes and refinements

README.md, after:

# Tact template project

This template comes pre-configured to kickstart your new Tact project. It includes the Tact compiler, TypeScript, Jest integrated with [tact-emulator](https://github.com/tact-lang/tact-emulator), and a sample demonstrating how to run tests.

```shell
yarn test # To test contract
yarn build # To build contract
yarn deploy # To deploy contract
```

## Deployment

To deploy a contract, follow these steps:

1. Define the [`contract.tact`](./sources/contract.tact) file that will be used as entry point of your contract.
2. Customize the [`contract.deploy.ts`](./sources/contract.deploy.ts) file based on your `contract.tact` to generate a deployment link. It is crucial to ensure the proper invocation of the `init()` function within the contract.

If you rename `contract.tact`, make sure to update [`tact.config.json`](./tact.config.json) correspondingly. Refer to the [Tact Documentation](https://docs.tact-lang.org/language/guides/config) for detailed information.

## Testing

You can find some examples of contract tests in [`contract.spec.ts`](./sources/contract.spec.ts). For more information about testing, see the [Tact Documentation](https://docs.tact-lang.org/language/guides/debug).

To add new test files to your contracts, you should create `*.spec.ts` files similar to the template's one and they would be automatically included in testing.

## License

MIT
